hey guys it's Adam make a swimming bird
and welcome back again to another
minecraft 1.4.7 1.4 one more day to
Thursday morning so it's going to be on
the 25th instead of tomorrow the 24th
but they did fix a bunch of bugs so I
think it is definitely worth it the most
significant is the animal suffocation
bug where animals are just randomly
suffocated but they did add in a few
other things that they had almost
forgotten to do and the main one is the
wither painting now this is a new
painting showing you how to construct
the wither as you can see back here it
kind of demonstrates that you need
soulsand and three of the wither
skeleton skulls to do so and this was in
here but they didn't actually make you
able to place it until now some of the
other things that they added are bats
these cute little squeaky guys here they
spawn a little less frequently than they
did I guess they're responding too
frequently and they had to cut that down
a little they also changed anvil naming
over here so no matter how many things
you have like a whole stack of whatever
you're wanting to rename it will always
cost 39 levels at max so I can name my
team see hot dogs and I can do that on a
normal world and not have to being
creative if you saw before to click 300
something levels but now it works great
with normal levels and they also tweaked
how much enchantment reward or
experience you get from smelting and I
haven't tested this so I smoked it a
whole or cooked a whole stack of steak
and let's see how much experience we get
for it we got two levels which I'm not
sure if that's it's probably a little
less than normal what you would get I
think they've just made a little less
experience because it was pretty easy
just to get stuff from smelting you
wouldn't really have to do much else for
experience if you just melted a ton of
cobble into smooth stone you could get a
ton so I'm just gonna rapid fire run
down the bugs that they fixed so they
fixed the animal suffocation bug they
fixed stairs slabs and fences all having
visual glitches they fixed mobs falling
through blocks as you might have noticed
that sometimes mobs or animals would
they would monsters they would fall
through a block when they walk around
just kind of face through it that was
annoying players glitching through
beacons they fix that right now you can
glitch through or not glitch but walk
into a beacon you this kind of cool wha
going through hyperspace here it's kind
of cool
redstone repeaters being stuck is on
they fixed that minor font issues
whatever those were wet wolves you still
kind of darken and they said they looked
way too scary that's at Mojang's words
there but now if you get them wet they
just look pretty much like normal wolves
they just get a little bit darker and
then when they get back on the shore
they'll shake off and they'll be fine if
the scale follow me there he goes oh
just got the creepy sound a bug allowing
you to place any item in your armor slot
that's been taken out and mob spawner
spawning too quickly so that's that's
all the bugs that they fix there's still
a few things like I'm wondering if the
creepers and the skeletons and zombies
even dropped their skulls I don't know
if that's even in yet I know the wither
skeletons do for sure but last I heard
they don't these guys don't drop their
skulls but maybe they do and they just
didn't tell us one last thing before I
go though Mojang is having a screenshot
contest now if you take your best scary
screenshot whatever it may be and you
submit it on their page I'll have a link
in the description by october 30th you
could win one of their foam pickaxes
that they sell and it will be signed by
every member of the Mojang staff so even
if you you don't necessarily want that
you could eBay it which they even
suggested in their posts so anyways guys
so one point for point one already
coming out on Thursday morning October
twenty-fifth I'm very excited guys and
they've knocked out a whole bunch of
bugs that would have been problems and
people would have complained about them
so I'm glad they pushed it off one more
day me and my little puppy are ready
he's just gonna go chew on that zombie
head and I will see you guys next time
thanks for watching leave a like if you
enjoyed this for a spinning puppy on a
Steve head and I'll see you guys next
time goodbye
Oh